{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 You have a million and one things to do\'85 all of it due yesterday. There are a parade of meetings to attend, phone calls to make and in addition to all of this, you have to keep track of your time for the bean counters. (Or for billing purposes, which makes it much more important but no easier.) You live in a digital society where sharing and collaborating is vital so paper just wont cut it since you have to transcribe notes from paper to email which takes more of your already precious time.\
So, what do you do?\
You can do it the \'93old\'94 way: take notes in a text editor on your notebook. Copy and paste that information into an email to collaborate with others. Then you can use some other task tracker to try and remember all the things you promised you\'92d do. And finally, you use some time tracking app to track your hours, or if you were like me, you try to reconstruct how you spent your time several weeks after the fact from memory.\
Or, you can use ProjectFolio. Need to track multiple projects with different due dates and priorities? No problem. ProjectFolio can track as many different projects as your iPhone or iPad\'92s memory will allow\'85 that\'92s a lot. Need to take notes associated with each project? ProjectFolio lets you enter notes for the project or for a task within a project. Tap a button in the app, enter an address and you can send some or all of the information to someone else. Need to track time? ProjectFolio has you covered there as well. ProjectFolio automatically remembers how much time you spend on each project. All you have to do is select the project and go to work.\
This alone makes a compelling package for tracking projects, but it does even more. Have some projects that are repetitive? ProjectFolio can \'93clone\'94 the tasks from one project into another project with just a couple taps, saving you hours of effort. Or how about tracking expenses. ProjectFolio gives you a way to track expenses and milage traveled and then report on that from a single point in the app.\
Have a budget? ProjectFolio will track not only hours but also expenses and show you your burn down as work on the project proceeds. Want to assign a task to someone else? You can do that too.\
Have multiple devices, an iPhone and an iPad? Got you covered there too. With Apple\'92s iCloud and CoreData\'92s ability to sync over the cloud between devices, information you enter on one device will show up on the other device. \
So, how would you rather track the work you do? By paper, by using several unrelated applications, or with a single, easy to use tool?\
If you prefer the last answer, check ProjectFolio out in the iTunes App store. You\'92ll be glad you did.}