{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 You have a million and one things to do\'85 all of it due yesterday. There is a parade of meetings to attend, phone calls to make and in addition to all of this, you have to keep track of your time and expenses. \
So, what do you do? Most project planners are either overkill or too expensive or too hard to use. You could use a spreadsheet, but that's hours of pain to set up and use. You could use paper, but that makes spreadsheets look easy. Or\'85\
You can use SyncMyProjects! It has intuitive task and note entry features that let you focus on taking notes in a meeting and then afterwords quickly organize and convert those notes into actions with just a couple of finger taps.\
Have complex, repetitive projects? No problem\'85 every project is a template: just clone the tasks from one project into another with a couple of finger taps.\
It has a time tracking feature that\'92s easy to use: start a timer by just tapping on a project. Stop one timer and start another just by tapping on a different project.\
Need to answer the question \'93how soon can you get it done?\'94 SyncMyProjects will give you an answer. Enter a due date and how many hours you think it will take and it will try to fit the project into your work week. It\'92ll tell you with a simple yes/no/or you can do it if you work overtime, answer. If you're well into the project and want to know if you can finish on time? Again, tap a button and it will tell you.\
Got more than one device and copying data from one device to another is a nightmare to consider? No problem, SyncMyProjects keeps data in sync between devices using Apple\'92s iCloud technology. Just enter your information on one device and when you get back to the other device\'85 there it is ready to go. \
Have a budget? SyncMyProjects will track not only hours and milage, but also expenses and show you how much budget is left with the tap of a button. \
Want to assign a task to someone else? You can do that too.\
\
So, how would you rather track the work you do? By paper, by using several unrelated applications, or with a single, easy to use tool?\
If you prefer the last answer, SyncMyProjects is your answer. \
It takes care of the details so you can focus on getting things done.\
\
These are the main features of the app:\
1. Tracking the time you spend on a project is virtually transparent. Tap on a project and the timer starts for that project and ends for any other. Tap on a task within a project, and the timer for that task starts.\
2. You can clone any or all tasks from one project into a new project.\
3. You can use your tasks to keep notes much as you would an outliner. You can also use the tasks as a checklist.\
4. You can keep notes on a project\
5. You can keep notes on a task in a project\
6. You can create tasks from your notes. (Select a phrase or a list of phrases, tap on the menu to create tasks and there you have them.) These new tasks become sub-tasks to the task in which the notes are written.\
7. You can track expenses for the project\
8. You can track milage from your home to the work site\
9. You can send reports via email or to a printer on time spent, expenses incurred and a lot of other aspects of the project.\
10. There's also a "hot list" that shows the tasks with due dates listed in order of due date.\
11. You can now assign a project or task to a category and mark that category with a color. By selecting the category button at the bottom of the project or Hot List task list, you can view projects and tasks by category.}