{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Start from \'93One More Project\'94 \
The task list presents a lot of information at a glance.\
It shows you all of the tasks associated with a project. As tasks lists look the same on either the iPad or iPhone versions of the app, this demonstration will use the iPhone task list.\
In this list, there are four tasks. The display tells you at a glance the status of all these tasks. Going from top to bottom, this is what the display tells you.\
The top task, \'93A New Task\'94 has three sub-tasks under it. You can tap the task to collapse its sub-tasks if you just want to see the top-most task like this. <Tap> A task with subtasks will display the black triangle when the sub-tasks are collapsed and the subtasks and a red triangle when they are expanded. <Tap>\
The last/next task down \'93Three,\'94 is a completed task. It\'92s indicated by the checked box icon and the green label.\
The next/last task below that \'93One,\'94 is a regular task awaiting action on your part.\
The last/next task, \'93Two\'94 has a notepad icon to its left. This indicates there are notes saved specific to this task. To see those notes, tap on the task <tap> then tap on the notepad icon <tap>. Here, you can review or enter notes for a specific task. <Tap back to list>\
You can also tell from the Owner: Anna Haro, that you\'92ve assigned the task to Anna Haro. With this version of the app, you can send her an email that will contain the specifics of the task and it\'92s associated notes. When she finishes the task, you will need to enter here that it is completed.\
\
At the bottom of the page, you\'92ll see a segmented button. In the iPhone version you\'92ll also see this notepad icon. I\'92ll explain these now.\
The segmented control is a set of pre-built filters for looking at the tasks. All shows, all of the tasks regardless of their status. <Tap assigned>\
Assigned shows all tasks that have been assigned to other people besides ourself. <Tap Due>\
Due shows all incomplete tasks regardless of who they are assigned to. <Tap all>\
For iPhone users, tapping on the notepad icon takes you to the project notes. That will be explained in a different video.}