{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Task details are how you add additional information for a given task. There are two ways to get to a task\'92s details. The method you use depends upon the task. For a task with subtasks, tap on the detail disclosure button. You just tap the task for all other tasks to see the details.\
\
This is the detail view of a task. In the example, you can tell the task is not complete and that it was a due on Oct. 5, 2013. The task is assigned to yourself. You\'92ve estimated it will take 10 hours to complete. And you\'92ve set it\'92s Category to Medium. The last entry indicates whether the task is a top-level task or a sub-task. When \'93Child of:\'94 says \'93Itself\'94 it means the task is a top-level task. If you tap on the notepad icon <tap> it will show a view in which you can enter notes specific to this task.\
\
You can change the name of the task\
You can mark the task complete. When you mark a task with subtasks complete, the subtasks will display as being completed. However their actual status is not changed.\
The due date of the task is when you want to finish the task. You set this by tapping on the due date. <Tap> this opens a view with a date spinner. Here you can set the task due date. Tapping cancel at the top removes the due date.\
If you want to move the due date forward a pre-defined amount of time, you can tap on any of the four buttons in the segment control above the date spinner. You can move the due date forward one hour, one day, one week or four weeks.\
You can also set a reminder for yourself about the task using the segmented control beneath the spinner. The four options available are: to be reminded at the time the task is due, one hour before, one day before or one week before it is due.\
Any task with a due date set will appear in a special list known as the \'93Hot List\'94. This will be discussed in a different video.\
\
By default tasks are assigned to yourself. You can assign a task to anyone in your device\'92s contact app. <Tap> To assign it to someone, tap on their name. To unassign a task, tap on \'93Assigned to\'94. When the contact list appears, tap the cancel button.\
\
The duration is set using a spinner. Tap Save to save the new value and go back to the detail view. Tap cancel to set the value to zero.\
\
The category is set by picking on from a list. To select the category you want, tap on it. To remove any category selection you\'92ve made, tap cancel.\
\
Tasks can be assigned as a sub-task to any task other than one of it\'92s own subtasks. When a task with subtasks is assigned to a different parent task, all of the sub-tasks associated with it, move with it to the new parent task.\
\
When you tap on the notepad icon, you\'92ll see the notes for this specific task. If you choose to create tasks from this window, all you need to do is do a long tap on a word, select it, then extend the selection area to include all of the words you want to turn into sub-tasks.}