{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 SyncMyProject is a powerful tool that helps you keep track of many different projects. It\'92s key features are: Seamless iCloud sync between multiple devices, Intuitive note taking and task organization. Easy to use time, milage and expense tracking. It\'92s integrated with reminders and the notification center. Customizable categories. Easily accessed reports. UI optimized for iOS 7. Gesture support and a LOT more.\
\
It makes your life easier through..\
Powerful note taking  - With SyncMyProject, you can keep notes at the project level and at the task level. You can assign or create tasks as sub-tasks from within your notes. You can print or email those notes with the tap of your finger. \
Transparent time tracking - Keeping track of time spent on a project with SyncMyProject, is as easy as selecting a project. It works on the assumption that if you\'92re working on a project in the app, you are going to bill that time against the project. When you\'92re working on a project, your time is being billed against that project.\
Always being ready and available - Data from one device seamlessly syncs between devices using Apple\'92s iCloud technology. Even when your devices are sleeping the data syncs in the background so your data is ready to go no matter which device you use.\
Easily converting notes into tasks - As you study your notes, select a word or a phrase then, with a long press, open a menu which lets to create a task with a tap.\
Intuitive Gestures - SyncMyProject makes it easy. You can add or delete records with the swipe of a finger. Drill into details with a swipe. Expand and hide sub-tasks with a long-press gesture.\
Tracking expenses, hours and milage - Set a budget for time and expenses. See at a glance remaining time and funds. SyncMyProject uses iOS location services so you can record milage with the tap of a button.\
Easy searching and filtering - Intelligent filters that show you tasks due today, this week or tasks that are late. Show most recently worked tasks. Filter projects by status. Search projects by name or category. Search for tasks in Hot list by task name or category.\
Personalization - Change tints and back ground color of notes to fit your personality or mood. Change fonts and font size of notes so you can either see more or see notes more easily.\
\
What makes our app powerful:\
. 	Data syncs across devices\
.	User definable categories for projects and tasks. \
.	When you set a reminder for a task, it appears in the Reminder app and in your device\'92s notification center\
.	It\'92s use of GPS technology computes milage for you with the tap of a button.\
.	Meetings can be planned in the app and assigned to an Exchange or CalDAV or iCal calendar for sharing with others.}